RTC beta (#1778)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: tinydrive/jwt-authentication.md

> If you haven't tried any of the [Starter projects]({{site.baseurl}}/tinydrive/getting-started/#starterprojects)  yet, we urge you to try them before trying to implement your solution. The source is also available on Github to study.

{% include auth/private-public-key-pairs-for-tiny-cloud-services.md %}

{% include auth/jwt-provider-endpoint-url.md %}

## JWT requirements

{% include auth/jwt-supported-algorithms.md %}

### Claims

These are like options/data you can send with the JWT token.

<dl>
<dt><code>sub</code> <em>(required)</em></dt><dd>Unique string to identify the user. This can be a database ID, hashed email address, or similar identifier.</dd>
<dt><code>name</code> <em>(required)</em></dt><dd>Full name of the user that will be used for presentation inside {{site.cloudfilemanager}}. When the user uploads a file, this name is presented as the creator of that file.</dd>
<dt><code>https://claims.tiny.cloud/drive/root</code> <em>(optional)</em></dt><dd>Full path to a {{site.cloudfilemanager}} specific root for example "/johndoe". The user won't be able to see or manage files outside this configured root path.</dd>
</dl>

> > **Note**: The "`sub`" value is a case-sensitive string containing a **String** or **URI** value. The `sub` cannot have a `:` *unless* it is a valid URI or else the callback would fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The "`sub`" option is a case-sensitive string containing a **String** or **URI** value. The `sub` option cannot have a `:` *unless* it is a valid URI or else the callback will fail.
```
?

Reviewer: From @lnewson's comment elsewhere, this should maybe be `claim`??

Reviewer 2: Agreed, the docs are calling it a `claim` in the JWT auth page, so we should keep the phrasing consistent and use `claim` here as well.

Reviewer: updated
